This smooth rich slightly sweet double or triple cream cheese from Italy works very nicely in a variety of brulees. : Mascarpone
As Limburger ages, it gains in flavor and this quality for which it is notorious. : Smell (or odor)
The percentage of this milk ingredient helps determine the type of cheese it's going to become-- the more there is, the mellower the cheese. : Fat
In Wisconsin this coagulated substance is a snack on its own and making it squeak is encouraged. : Cheese curds
A wheel of this British cheese made for Queen Victoria's wedding celebration measured 9 feet across. : Cheddar
Tyros is Greek for cheese and the crystals in aged cheese are tyrosine, one of these building blocks of protein. : Amino acid
This dairy spread is the marquee ingredient in one kind of icebox cookie. : Cream cheese
It's also known as pot cheese or popcorn cheese. : Cottage cheese
This French cheese from the Normandy area was first packaged in small cylindrical boxes in 1890. : Camembert
The first step in cheese making is this process named after a bacteriologist. : Pasteurization
Cheese is formed, warmed, and then preserved in this saltwater solution; the salt flavors the cheese and protects its surface. : Brine
This cheese-making stage also called ripening, can be as simple as keeping the cheese in a cooler until the flavors have matured. : Aging
The name of this final step that refines cheese is from the French word for refine; it may include 30 washes by hand. : Affinage
This cheese is also called rat cheese. : Cheddar
This protein that's about 3% of milk's weight is the chief ingredient in cheese. : Casein
Not surprisingly cornhusker cheese, a white cheese similar to colby, is made in this state. : Nebraska
The blue in bleu cheese is actually this substance. : Mold
In Tibet, these animals supply most of the milk for cheese. : Yaks
The true Italian version of this grating cheese is made only from April to November when cows can eat fresh grass. : Parmesan
It's the traditional cheese on a Reuben sandwich. : Swiss
Saganaki and tiropita are cheesy appetizers from this country. : Greece
Among 79 classes in the world championship cheese contest are Cheddar mild, Cheddar medium, and Cheddar this. : Sharp
This amino acid found in cheese has been shown to reduce stress and help induce sleep. : Tryptophan
It takes this many pounds of milk to produce one pound of cheese. : 10
This Italian cheese is the most popular cheese in the United States. : Mozzarella
This Italian cheese is made from mozzarella and cream. : Burrata
The name of this cheese means "recooked" in Italian. : Ricotta
This cheese, along with spaghetti, eggs, and pancetta, is the primary ingredient in traditional Spaghetti alla Carbonara. : Pecorino (Romano)
The milk from this animal is used to make Asiago cheese. : Cow
National Cheese Day in the United States is celebrated on the 4th day of this month. : June
This high-protein cheese made from sheep's milk is produced in the La Mancha region of Spain. : Manchego